I am Sakamoto, Ryoma , Born on 1835 in Kochi,
the son of a country samurai of from an established
branch of the wealthy Saitani clan.
In 1853 I became a disciple of Sadakichi Chiba,
a master swordsman of the martial art style
of fencingand become famous as an excellent
swordsman.
In 1861 I joined the Tosa Imperialism party,
formed by Zuizan Takechi.
In 1862, I quit the clan and moved up to Edo,
current day Tokyo, and worked hard to construct
the Kobe Naval Operations Training School.
In 1865, I established a young men's group
in Nagasaki.
I devoted myself to the conclusion of the
Satsuma Alliance and was present at the scene
of the compact between Takamori Saigo and
Takayoshi Kido in 1866.
While moving up to Edo from Nagasaki by sea
with Shojiro Goto in 1867, I put together
my own political blueprint, known as the Eight
plans written on board ship.
In the same year I was assassinated in Kyoto
together with Shintaro Nakaoka.
One year later, Boshin War started that led
to the imperial victory in 1869.
Subsequently, the Meiji government set to
work building a new state.
My political and economic achievements along
with the more personal touches found in my
letters have formed the basis for many books,
films, and television dramas in the years
to follow.
I did not live to see my efforts to modernize
the country bear fruit.
I hope Japan has become as I always imagined,
modern, civilized and a world beacon of enlightenment.